Helga's welcome to this video in this video we will work on a live setting.
So for those of you who don't know what a guy is let me tell you what our time is and time is basically
the age where we see our posts from them on this Hellcat agree we see both.
They need to be held.
If we go to homepage we will see we will see all of our posts.
This page is basically the archive of the bit where we see our boss is a guy page where all of the archives
that we can get said exactly to this page for example these days we see this Gregory these comments
this article about this decade this picture.
So all of these archived settings will be covered in their own settings will get so well with Jamiat
by setting you will see what difference will it have on this page.
OK.
So let's go to the settings.
The first thing we see here is the settings that are to the guys and first is Bosch so shell buttons
alag you can see this archive.
This is the archive page.
And we don't have any social button social sharing we're like Facebook Twitter.
So if we're on this button we will see the social icons and the fresh
sea we have Facebook Twitter all of the share icon.
But I would recommend you to turn this off because it doesn't look good to have this shit icon deposed.
OK.
Let's turn this off OK.
The next thing we have here is excerpting Lent.
OK.
Except it really is a soap is basically the text we see.
This is the XO.
OK.
And this is also the excerpts.
This is the excerpt that we faced to remove these.
OK.
So this is the expert excerpt expert this excerpt you can just increases so let's make it.
And now what we have.
But the size of this excerpt really increased and this read more button would be pushed down to let
me fish it deceived.
See now we have more excerpt you can do whatever you want.
OK let me see what else we have.
You can see this is the dead this is to get angry and this is the comments we continue to get.
We have author Matt Outremer is basically the name of the author that roared the boss.
Right now we don't have automatize you can turn this on if you want.
And no we will see the author dead rule this post.
So let me flesh and see more wrote this post.
OK so this is the author Matt Matt is basically the information Medhurst else for information.
You can see OK but is the information related to anything.
So these are rumors and these are very if you are dead matter ok it is also turned on you can see there
you can turn this off if you want correct that this murder is turned on.
Is he going to get his comments amortised or not we see comments views that are a comment to make this
of OK with basically the number of viewers that just viewed this post.
I recommend you do this all over the post detail page.
OK.
But it will look good here again.
You can to this on according to you what you want.
OK.
The next is the lay out setting how you want your boss to appear.
We have four or five sittings here.
First is the default setting to set the second.
And now you will see how both appear
See this is how our posts are appearing.
So this is the guy the next thing we have is this this layout is the picture.
Will not be shown.
Let me see if Janey's and refresh
see there's no picture here but it doesn't look cool.
So the thing otherly or is this where we have two boys in one row at 15 years
OK.
Do post in one go and terrible fifth one is the time line.
So I recommend you do it first.
OK first looks cool you finish
OK.
All right.
Next is the category page settings.
OK.
We don't have this.
These settings are on the page.
OK.
So we have to change settings on how technology motivation because these are also the archive like I
said a guy with a page where we have all the settings related to archive setting.
OK.
So let's go to the health and now if you want to change the settings.
Go to this category page settings.
OK.
Now we have a great description.
This the settings is change from team to team.
But this setting is not here OK description will not appear again.
So just keep this of RSS icon RSS is this icon if you want it just keep it.
If you don't want it just disable it.
The next thing is the lay out.
Similar to health.
OK similar to me similar to home page.
OK you can change it if you want.
Continue to does this or this.
So let's keep it this and see if it's fresh.
And see now you see this again.
Is also archive.
OK.
So OK skipping the first I like this well connected database settings.
I recommend you to keep it as it is OK.
This is also because this is basically the text filtering that is similar to categories but bag are
random.
OK categories not random.
OK.
The next is the author page settings or settings with the information to the author when we go to post.
And at the bottom we see about the author.
OK.
There is no copyright here in here on this box.
We do nothing about the author can update our protection by going to users.
Your profile and you can add all of your information your brother biography everything anything you
want.
OK.
So you can Jaynie ought to be sitting through this box right here.
You can change the format and get an author by turning on or off but keep it keep it on.
But if you've done this off you will not see this box.
OK.
Keep it as it is.
The next we have in such pain settings it as it is.
OK.
Let's see if Jinny's and move to the port settings.
So I think we will cover the both settings in the next video game who think what's in this video.
We'll see you in the next video.